# BC-262 - Connect Photos from AWS to Product Assets

# !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
# DEPRECATED - DECISION WAS TO USE PHOTO URL DIRECTLY FROM PRODUCT RECORD, NO CMS
# !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

### Notes
The challange: make use of the OOB ProductMedia structure in B2B. 

ProductMedia records requires content to come from the Salesforce CMS, it's impossible
to add direct link to external service that hosts the images

Salesforce CMS at the moment (07/21/21) does not allow for programmatic bulk load of content.
Inserted content is also not searchable. Images even when hosted on external service have
to be loaded as zipped .json file and only 5k records at a time can be inserted.

To accomodate all of this we've created a node script to semi-automate the process.
You will still need to load the images manually using the Salesforce provided UI, but we 
can automate away the ProductMedia creation

`cms-loader` script is located in FF repo under `scripts/node/cms-loader` - [click](https://bitbucket.org/sampleCompanycorp/Sampleability-dev/src/master/scripts/node/cms-loader)

### Requirements 
1. [node JS](https://nodejs.org/en/download/)
1. [sfdx](https://developer.salesforce.com/docs/atlas.en-us.sfdx_setup.meta/sfdx_setup/sfdx_setup_install_cli.htm)
1. connection to Sampleability org in which the product load will be performed
```bash
sfdx auth:web:login --setalias my_alias --instanceurl https://test.salesforce.com
```
For production use the login.salesforce.com domain instead


### Installation
1. navigate to folder where `cms-loader` was unpacked

### Loading & matching managed content with "ProductMedia" records

1. goto folder where `cms-loader` was copied
2. run `node script.js prepare-import sfdx-org-alias` where `sfdx-org-alias` is the sfdx connection you've created earlier
3. zipped files will be created named `payload-x.zip`
4. log into sf and navigate go to the `CMS Home` app
5. select `CustomerCare+` workspace 
6. expand the far right button and select `Import Content`
7. select one of the created zips, and check the "Publish content after import" box
8. once the import completes you should receive an email with json file that holds succesfully created records, save this file to a folder within the `cms-loader` directory
9. repeat 6-8 for every `payload-x.zip`
10. run `node script.js post-import sfdx-org-alias folder_name` where `sfdx-org-alias` is the sfdx connection you've created earlier and `folder_name` is the name of the folder you've saved the .json results received via email
11. you're done - validate that the ProductMedia records were created. 
Query: `SELECT Id, Product.Name FROM ProductMedia WHERE CreatedDate = TODAY`



